Support code coverage tests (#2984)
openenclave/openenclave: 3rdparty/libgcov/README.md

> # libgcov

Reviewer: Should you include the license at the top of this file?

Author: I guess README.md file is an exception?

The source is based on the profile library as part of [LLVM compiler-rt libraries](http://compiler-rt.llvm.org/).
The current version is based on the release_70 branch (clang-7).

## Modifications

> Few changes are made to the source to accommodate TEE (See patches/ for more detail).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following changes are made to the source to accommodate TEEs (see patches/ for more detail):
```

- Initialize the `hostfs` during the GCOV initialization (`llvm_gcov_init()`).
  - Ensure that the following filesystem operations work correctly.
- Replace `mmap` and `ummap` (in `map_file()` and `unmap_file()`)

>   - `mmap` is not supported by OE. USe `fread()` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `mmap` is not supported by OE. Use `fread()` instead.
```
